Added deprecation decorator (#419)
equinor/webviz-config: CONTRIBUTING.md

Example of auto-built documentation for `webviz-config` can be seen
[here on github](https://equinor.github.io/webviz-config/).

## Deprecate plugins or arguments

Plugins can be marked as deprecated by using the `@deprecated_plugin(short_message, long_message)` decorator.

```python

> @deprecated_plugin("This message is shown to the end user in the browser.", "This message is shown in the documentation of the plugin.")

Author: Good idea, that should definitely be there 👍

class MyPlugin(WebvizPluginABC):
    ...
```

Plugin arguments can be marked as deprecated by using the `@deprecated_plugin_arguments(arguments={})` decorator in front of the `__init__` function.
Arguments can either be marked as deprecated in any case or their values can be checked within a function which then returns a tuple containing a 
boolean stating if they are deprecated with the given value and a short string shown to the end user in the browser and a long string shown in the 
plugin's documentation.

```python
class MyPlugin(WebvizPluginABC):
    ...

>     @deprecated_plugin_arguments(arguments={"arg1": ("This message is shown to the end user in the browser.", "This message is shown in the documentation of the plugin."), "arg2": check_deprecation})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @deprecated_plugin_arguments(arguments={"arg1": ("This message is shown to the end user in the Webviz application.", "This message is shown in the documentation of the plugin."), "arg2": check_deprecation})
```

>     def __init__(self, arg1: str, arg2: int, arg3: int):

Reviewer: `arg1` should not be a required argument perhaps in order to make it a more realistic example?

        ...

> def check_deprecation(arg_name: str, arg_value: Any, other_args: Dict[str, Any]) -> Tuple[bool, str, str]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def check_deprecation(arg2: int, arg3: int):
```
Is this easy/preferred, i.e. that the decorator injects the necessary values to the `check_deprecation` function? Benefits are shorter signature + explicit types (avoid `Any`).

Author: Hmm, I see your point. My thought was that there might be cases where you also want to access other, non-deprecated variables in order to check if there is a deprecation. Or is your suggestion to pass on all arguments from the __init__ method?
